Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, okay, we started at 605 I forgot to turn the recording off. But if you and this is for Mr. Corey balls.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Balls. Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Bowls. Okay. But if anything happens in you ever relapse. Don't run from us run to us. Okay. We want you to come with come, keep your appointments, when you haven't good days and when you have a not so good days through thick and thin and okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, all right, a couple of things I always like to share with my patients before we get started.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We were very patient centered. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: There are three principles I practice under one I'll always be respectful always be honest and always be protective. A lot of questions I asked. I asked the same ones.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: For example, always asked about alcohol and the use of benzodiazepine was a box on people morphine. The reason I do that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Because the buprenorphine Suboxone is a very safe medicine, even at high doses, but certain medicines can take that safety off, and you can overdose on the Suboxone okay so it just basically every time we have a one on one, you always get that question for me. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. All right, then. All right, so I'm gonna pull up my little cheat sheet here we have quite a lot of
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Questions. And once again, the questions helped me understand you. And if you ever need to stop me and say, Okay, what's the purpose of that question, have you have a question about a question or something pops in. You don't hesitate to ask me. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So I kind of pull up a flow sheet here. I'm going to try to minimize this a little bit more, you can still see me Corey.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yes, I can.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Very good. All right, them. Okay, so we have a standard format that we kind of us to make certain that we're dotting all the i's and crossing all the T's now. How young are you 3535 year, young man.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay then. Now, are you currently using any drugs.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Suboxone yes
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan, and where you've been getting you Suboxone from
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: off the street.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, and how much you're using
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Three. A day I take one in the morning and one a lunch break at work.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Then come home and we eat. Then I'll take one that. So, about six, seven.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, are you using a tablet sort of films.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Films. Okay, so it's a box on films in this the eight over to you see the two numbers eight over to
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yes, man.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And do you do it three times a day.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Three times a day.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah okay, three times a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. And how's that working for you.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Um, it's fine. As soon as, like, Well, I don't know if you want to get into my backstory or not. But I mean,
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I just don't. The feeling of going and buying him off the street, I've been you know jeopardizing everything that I'm trying to build doing this and I just feel terrible. You know, it's
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Adding be heavier going out and doing that. And I want to, I want to get into a program where I'm doing it right and trying to get myself down, you know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's admirable. Thank you. You're right. And I totally
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: totally respect that you basically you want to be legit about it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I got it. So tell me, give me a history about our like what was your main drug of choice.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, so we'll wind back to
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I went to college in Pittsburgh played a football and Pittsburgh. I got hurt up there was was prescribed Percocet.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right now, were you when that happened,
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Right off the jump I was I was 17
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay go from not taking anything to taking that it was like that's at that time. That's they were prescribing everybody there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So right
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Take these 90 pills and get back out on the field. So I never felt anything like that. And I became addicted to percocet led to oxy cotton.
Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: And then I was sober for
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I ended up getting sober and
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Then I had an injury to my knee and I was prescribed Percocet and I wasn't in a good place with my wife and marriage and home life and work, school
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: So I took the prescription. This was 2015 I want to say.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay. Well, I went from percocet to heroin rather fast. Okay. And 2015 16
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We just started heroin.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: About 2016
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. And how did you use your hair on one
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: snore it and I did shoot. Yeah.
Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Then
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I ended up going to jail. I got sober in jail. And then I was sober for about a year and a half from everything
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, and then I almost cut my thumb off at work. I don't know if you if you can see this here. Can you see this here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I can see that. Uh huh.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Oh, I went to the ER and they were prescribing me wanted to give me Percocet. And I said, no, because I had been down this path before
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Right. Oh, but immediately my attic. My or whatever you want to say I started thinking Suboxone will work Suboxone will work. So
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Then I went and got Suboxone illegally off the street, and that's kind of how am I Suboxone us started. And luckily I've been able to just, I just use them, but this is where I'm at now, you know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you started the Suboxone at the hand injury was that around 2018 or
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: 2008 2019 yeah
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I you treat it paints a box on
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Correct. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Then it her for a long time and
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: You know, I was taking that and eventually at some point the pain wasn't there anymore and and the physical addiction was and
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I didn't really think about it, or I didn't like stop.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Taking it and then feel it like the withdrawals. I just kept going, you know, and here and here and here I am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: OK. OK, so for the transcription is I'll just go ahead and kind of summarize what will need to have. So you're 35 year old male you're currently taking the Suboxone film off the street eight over two, three times a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You fill in fine on it. But you, you just don't like getting it off the street, and so your drug use history started playing college after an injury you prescribed
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 2000 to 817 years old. Okay. And then from Percocet, you use oxy cotton and you got sober in 2011 then you had another injury to uni and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Prescribed Percocet and then this advanced you started using heroin in 2016 you use it by snorting and injecting
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You became sober while you were in jail.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You were so before about 1.5 years you had a hand injury and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you really did not want to do anything that will compromise your sobriety. So you treat it your pain with the Suboxone and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Even though the pain and the hand left
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You knew that the addiction was there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Correct. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very succinct.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Where's your last dose of Suboxone
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I took one this a lunch break. So like 1230
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, what's 1230 today.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. Okay. Um,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And how do you know that you, you have a dependence on the Suboxone what happens without Suboxone
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Well, I get agitated tired yawning yawning. And honestly, sometimes I think it helps me like
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I got a lot going on and
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Sometimes I think maybe it helps me refocus on like just work. And now what's going on in my life. Or like, you know what I mean. Does that make sense.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It does. Now, have you ever been on in less than 24 milligrams a day.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah, what
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I worked my way up to that. I don't know how long it's been since I've been taking three but um yeah I definitely worked my way up to it over almost a year, year, a year, year and a half.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you think get you worked out because you haven't tolerance, because you felt like there was a greater need to deal with withdraw to deal with the cravings.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Um, I think so. Yeah, that too. And another thing was is I didn't want. Um, I would just take the whole one because I didn't want a little pieces with my kids laying around them things
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I just was picking the whole thing. I didn't want little there's laying around or getting lost, or in my pocket. And so that's how I would start taking the whole thing. And then I'd say um
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I don't know why I was taking more probably to try to get a little high feeling, you know, probably what it was.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Does it make you high
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: On the mountain.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No, not now, but I think then at that point I was probably I probably was chasing it you know
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. How long have you been on taking a 24 milligrams
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Probably I'd say three, four months maybe
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right 3424 milligrams a day 10 foot three to four months.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah. Okay. Have you tried to do a 60 milligrams in that time.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No. No. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And how do you feel on a 24 milligrams. Do you feel like you. Do you feel like, do you mean, does it make you fatigue. How does the 20
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: milligram open. It makes me feel fine. Like, I mean, I get fatigued and tired. If
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I got in late adults. You know what I mean like if I if for some reason on lunch break. So I gotta hide it at like launch. You know I gotta figure out somewhere to go, which also makes me feel like shit.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay. But yeah, if I do if I do miss it. I noticed like I'll feel tired or, you know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Without so
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: You're saying are good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In terms of timing. Do you have you been spending a lot of time trying to get the Suboxone off the street. He can be
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah yeah
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: So it's not just that, that the biggest factor is, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: A getting in trouble. You know, it's
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Just everything I've been through put my family through it. Be like such a slap in their face.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right.
To like
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Because my kids were used to me leaving and not coming back. You know, so like if I were to go out and buy him. Then I get arrested and it's
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right concerned about being a rest. Right. Well, that makes perfect sense.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: It's a big stress. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So yes, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Has your opioid use disorder ever resulted in a loss of relationship, a work or doing anything legal illegally to acquire
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah, yeah. When I was on heroin and actually can. Yeah, I was stealing.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Ruined all you know my wife.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Basically chose me over her family so
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: They don't want me around. Yeah, I guess we're supposed to sit down and have a talk when this Corona things over but
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: You know, for a year, year and a half. They didn't want me around, you know, so I Christmas. She couldn't go see her family because she wanted to spend her kids to have Christmas with their dad.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: That's caused resentments in our marriage. And also, it doesn't. So yeah, definitely. I mean, I had a semester away from a baster and supply chain management and then the heroin. Once I started doing that. I just throw it all away. Yeah. I mean, I've lost
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: earning potential it's
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: My marriage is nowhere near perfect we struggle every day so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, right.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Because of the past us
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah, I've lost everything.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Some errors and work. All right. So sounds like you're in the process of regaining things
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah yeah
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Same. Some people really do some turn around. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So that may make it
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah, I did it when I got sober in 2010. I mean, I went from like I've done it before, but it's
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Like this time I was so cocky and arrogant.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Before like all this little prescription isn't gonna, you know, I have something wrong with me. This is going to be fine.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Nine know like, that's why I went to the sandbox is I never really tried, I tried Suboxone like to get off a heroin, but I never really gave it a full on a chance, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Right, so it was like, Yeah, but I didn't know I can't. So that's why I went to the Suboxone because it's a maintenance, it's not
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: You know, some maintenance. True.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So what did you learn from that experience when you decided to do to Suboxone
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: That instead of going to the person
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Mm hmm. When the dot. When the ER doctor said that I learned that maybe I had turned a corner I do realize like, this is stronger than me and
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: If I do take a Percocet, or biking and I could be back up and running again.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Often like that and lose everything.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's good. Yeah. Yeah, but you know something, I find that the people who do best and the programs are the ones who
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have the sense of humility that I hear that you're saying, you know, and humility doesn't mean weaknesses, Ashley me strength. You know what you need and you're willing to humble yourself and say at this point in my life. This is what I need. Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Right.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: And that's what you know.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And wisdom I hear wisdom to okay
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I do feel like, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I want to say it was just like the Suboxone you don't I at least know get high office. So it's like
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: But it's like, I don't know if I'm using as a as a crutch, but it's like
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I just know if I'm on this ain't gonna be on that one. I mean,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know what you're saying two Koreas. What
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We're seeing its, its protective and them the medicine binds to the opiate receptor stronger than a lot of the medicines that can overdose and kill people.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And so its protective and, in general, we do see that people are living longer, he helps people to live. So it sounds like physically and intuitively you've picked up on it as being a safer option for you. And that's what we see two. Okay, okay that's wisdom. Um, have you, have you ever overdosed.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: You know, I think I might have, but there was like one. One time I was in high in the car.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay. Back in 16 and I woke up like you know 15 minutes later, but I don't. I never went to the hospital or an hour can or something like that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, no, nor can use no hospital. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I think if someone would have found me, then I would have
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know, okay. Well, I'll tell you what we are, we do give you an arcane so you have it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I walk around with Narcan in my purse. Just if I see somebody who is unresponsive, because it's so prevalent and if you give somebody Narcan and maybe it wasn't an overdose. You're not going to hurt them.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But I've had a lot of patients save lives because they had an arc and on
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah, I did, give it to somebody before three I gave them three of them.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And they live. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, so you have in our candy you have like five refills. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. Do you have a history of treatment in the past.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Um, I went to treatment once. Yeah, I was telling you about. When I tried to get on the Suboxone and it just my time wasn't there. I still had all my life. I hadn't blown through my savings bucket for clothes, my house.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It was like, was that, where did you try to treatment.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Um, you know what, I forget the name of it. It was an extra Beulah county or asked to Beulah
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, I forget the name
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'll just put your name on no okay and that's fine.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: So it's like I'm one of them. People who like unless I'm fucking rock bottom. I can't bounce back like I can't just like you know catch myself like hey eaten 3430 today, you know you you should really watch yourself. It's like
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'ma go
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Way I just some of. I just can't, you know, so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm, I'm gonna back up when you didn't use the Percocet. How much did you use maximally
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: When I started when the percocet transition to heroin. I would say at the end. I was eating like 10 per 30s, a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 1030 so 60 milligrams a day.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No 10 perk.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Whoa.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: That's when I transition to heroin was right at that time.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 1030 milligram per Percocet.
Or
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 300 milligrams a day.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: That was 15 going into 60
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: milligrams of Percocet, a day and we just were you snorting it
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I was swallowing.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: And then I went this
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Inscription is pretty sad and under his history of opioid
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Use Disorder at the beginning. Maximum of 300 milligrams of percocet per day by mouth in 2016 2017 that would explain why you are on a you're using a higher dose of the Suboxone to be comfortable. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, that's the highest those I've had a person to me to use just per day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, okay. So thanks for making sense. And it sounds like you're you've made the adjustments to Ken to take care of the withdrawals and things, and we'll we're going to keep watching you, too. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, Dan, do you have a history of alcohol use.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No, I mean I've drank in the past, but I've been drinking. I've been drinking a long time years
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, do you have a history of use of any other drugs. Have you been ever been up or down or crystal meth correct cocaine marijuana
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Is really no
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, okay, street party drugs. Okay, what about the benzodiazepines, then x value upon upon
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know, add a man. OKAY. OKAY. SO NO ALCOHOL, NO benzo use and we talked about if you combine that and high doses, which buprenorphine.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That it can increase your risk of death because it slows your breathing. Okay. And that's something we definitely don't want to happen. Now, one question we ask everyone. Any thoughts of wanting to hurt yourself or anyone now.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, seeing or hearing anything that's not there.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you have a history of suicide attempt.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Is their current or past psychiatric disorder.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Do you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have you at. Do you have access to guns. No. No. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Have you been hospital last for any mental health conditions.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Is there a history of suicide in your family.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Damn, who
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: My grant my great grandfather on my mom's side.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: My grandfather. Hey, Mom, I'm almost done. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I'm almost done. Okay. Can you shut the door please what
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Plato no Plato.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I don't know, I'll check when I'm done. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I know
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: This is the four year old.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: My second
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: My second born, the one that test you.
Talking
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Dead. He's out I'm important call okay so Daddy's gonna important call I have to go up here and she's coming to say her
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh come on, say,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Hello, how are you
Oh,
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Actor. So how does, how
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Hello. How are you doing,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Good, good to meet you.
Say goodbye.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I love you. I'll be out in a second. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: My daughter would do the exact same thing.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No problem. Let me know if you need to step out or anything like that. I understand. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: All right, I forget, I forget where we were at but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, we were talking about mental health. And so, oh
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah, my great grandfather. My mom's grandfather my
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Grandfather, my mom.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Dad, my uncle.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, and that's all my mom side and then my actually my wife's grandfather committed suicide, like two years ago. So my, my children. My children have it on both sides.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: On both sides and that that doesn't mean it's gonna happen to me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah. Okay. All right. So I always check that, um,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let's see.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How did you level of stress.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Say hi, you have some high stress.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: High me
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Mm hmm. And who's your main support who support and you're doing this process you cheerleader.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Honestly, um,
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I don't know, probably, you know, my children or myself. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: My wife can be but she's
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: You know we just our relationships, not the best. Right now, we're trying. No, that's
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Very stressful. That's the most stress for me is trying to, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Just move on and try to fucking, you know, live, I have a white that we've always wished we wanted to, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: If we're going to be mean and resentful to each other for kids.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: What was the point
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Their reality based. That's good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Sounds like I hear a lot of hope to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you see a lot of hope, see hope.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I feel like
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: There's enough hope so, not you know just still keep trying to make it work.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Well, from listening to you and knowing that you're
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Which is a big decision that you made a huge decision is this to be sober and and do it legally. That's major. So we applaud you for that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you're now part of by heart health team. So there, so you'll be doing weekly groups. And let me just ask you this in terms of groups, we have
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Two groups. We're opening a group on Tuesdays at one and we're trying to get an evening group like a Wednesday evening around 530 which group do you think you could have 10 is
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: The Tuesday at 530
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, I may not be able to get a Tuesday factor, but you need to evening group.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah, more than likely, I mean like if it rains, like I could do the mid afternoon group, but I'm at work. Usually, so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so you need to eat. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: 90% of the time. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so I'll make certain. I know that. So we'll plan to try to get you into groups, at least by next week, once a week, and it'll be with a group of people
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You have a therapist, and I'll be there just to check your medicines and I actually enjoyed a groups. That's where everyone talks and zoom. So you had that once a week, starting off and then you have
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: A one on one with therapist twice a month. So you really get some things out. Okay.
And those are really helpful.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So we like to follow you closely to support you doing this process. And if you have questions.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Feel free to talk with me, feel free to talk with your therapist, feel free to bring it up in group because the amazing thing, the thing I love about the groups is that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: When you're deciding to get your life together in a dress your sobriety.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: There are a lot of problems that you encounter and something I always share my patients because I think patients are great teachers.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is that once. Sometimes when it feels really, really hard. That's when you're about to get that breakthrough.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And when it's getting harder. That's not the sign that you're doing something wrong, especially when you're choosing to do the right thing. That's because it's getting harder than me. You doing something wrong.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you're doing the right thing that usually means you're doing the right thing. So you have to be able to look at that pressure as positive
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah yeah
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You kind of see what I'm saying.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah, I played always thrived under like pressure, but it's like, at some point, you know, that's what I realized last time was, I can't do it myself.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you're part of a team. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You're part of a team and everything that Stacy is this is said here stays here. Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so I must speed it up, but I don't want to rush will have to still have to address a few more questions. Okay. Do you have a history of help see HIV of tuberculosis.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, okay. No help see know HIV know tuberculosis. Okay. Do you have a history of anxiety.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Not diagnosed
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, do any mental health history.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay, so no mental health, no contagious disease. Okay. Dan any chronic diagnosis that you know have high blood pressure, chronic pain kidney disease, anything like that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay, then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let's see.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Alright any past surgical history.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No, I had my knees us scope, but I don't know that falls under surgery where they go.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Through Scott arthroscopic procedure to me.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I know, Katie. And what about your family history is your mom alive.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah. My mom is alive. She's a user okay Adderall and Xanax
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so last so she her drugs have uses. Did you say Adderall and Xanax
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Better all Xanax and marijuana
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay. My brother is alive. He does really well for themselves.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, what about your dad. Is he alive.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Passed away. He died of cancer 54 years old. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: What time
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Thousand 12 is kidney cancer.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So kidney cancer age 54
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. Did, did your mother or your father have any mental health diagnosis.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I don't think so. No, my mom had anxiety and anxiety and depression.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, did your daddy have any type of chronic diseases, a mental health or addiction. History
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, okay, Dan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, what do you, how's your brother any chronic conditions mental health or addiction brothers or sisters
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No, he's a
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: He's on top of the world. He's a CFO for Dave white dealerships. I don't know if you heard of them. If you're from Cincinnati. You might have heard them gave white
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, I'm not. I haven't heard of them. I don't hear much of anything around this man.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: He's the CFO for them. He does really well and he can be supportive to
You know,
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: If I, if I if I if I were to really need them, then
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Either but the problem is is me, you know, saying,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so there's this big brother little brother. Is it just to have you.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Big Brother just two of us. Yeah.
Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Part
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And would you say in terms of support your wife can be is just you all in a transition
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Correct. Okay. And what would you say is your motivation for wanting to do as well.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Oh my motivation is, you know, there's nothing worse than wasted talent and I feel like I'm just like, I could do a lot of things.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: In life, and I'm already 35, you know, I'm not going to give you the generic answer all my kids will see my kids are part of it. But if you, if I'm not happy. How to be, you know, my kid. So really just
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: living up to I don't think I'll ever lived up to my greatest potential because I'm so far. Late in it but living up to doing something where I can be proud of myself.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Just so you know there are some people live their greatest potential when they were in their 40s and 50s. I do. I did you ever read. Colonel Sanders. You ever read about Colonel Sanders demand and did a Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know you get a chance. His life, His life blows me away.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, if you get a chance, just read about it if I see you again. I am going to see you again. Not yet, but I am and I'm gonna I'm gonna write myself a note.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm gonna look up KFC chicken.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Did he have one of them shoes that was larger a shorter leg.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: He might he had a lot going on. But he didn't.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Blow someone to later in life.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But look at his chicken has changed the world me his story is, I find is so inspirational.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And the fact that he was so much older he failed at so many things I wrote myself a note KFC. So when I see you again, if we have another one on one. I want you to just kind of tell me about him because it's gonna make me look it up. I've seen his history.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Once or twice, and it just, I don't know. He motivates me let's just
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let it
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Wash over again.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Oh my iPad. I gotta plug my iPad and
Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah, cuz I think I feel like I saw something come up a documentary a bottom and they were talking about his leg. That's why I asked about the shoe.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, if you get a chance to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: His history, but I don't think he blossoming became who he was, until. What was he like, Oh, I just, it just amazes me. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, I'll definitely check
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It gives me hope he's old and I
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Ok so social history. So do you smoke cigarettes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I do. Okay, how much
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: About a pack a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, a pack per day. And when did you start
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Probably, I don't know, small town for 1015 years maybe
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 15 years. Oh.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: One.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Now maybe after that 25 so I'd say 10 years
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, now
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have you thought about stopping
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I was a desktop before when my wife was pregnant. I stopped with her, then I stopped when I had to do a life insurance, I did life insurance for my, you know, for the family before I got all fucked up.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay. Um, I was able to stop for the test that they did so I have stopped before but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How did you feel when you didn't smoke.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I felt good. I mean, I felt like
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I felt like it was nothing. I couldn't do at that point in my life.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. Um, do you think you were at the point where you thinking about smoking not smoking or
Desire.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: He's my wife, my wife smokes, too. So we were going to do it for or I was trying to pressure us to try for our 35th birthday, which was last year but you know that came in, when I've thought about it, but I don't know.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So there's some some really good reasons to stop smoking one non smokers people that smoke lose about 10 years to the life okay 10 years shorter
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The other thing, man. The benefits are amazing. I'm just in a few days, when you stop smoking. And when you did. Did you notice that you smell was better and you taste was better.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I mean, I
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Will say they smoke cigarettes, you know, smell cigarette coming around when I come around, it's like kind of embarrassing but yeah I do your taste in your small
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It changes your risk of heart attack decrease I'm smoking Ashley age issue it you know it's like it accelerates the aging process increase your risk for different forms of cancer, not just long
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But the other thing patients really say a lot is when they stop smoking.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They feel younger and it's like I can go up a heel up the stairs I don't had a shortness of breath, like some sitting on my chest. So you actually feel like you have most likely get your youth back
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, okay. So definitely want you to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Just considered at some more you've overcome a lot. So when you get your mind to you and your wife you you'll be able to overcome that. So that's something that's part of protective SAS. So I'll bring that up pretty much every time we have a one on one. I asked about that. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So what we'll wait
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: For the kids to. I mean, and not to mention the freakin money we we smoke like a pack a day, I'd say, what's that 13 bucks and daddy.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Say I'm 30 days is
Just
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have you ever tried like nicotine patches or anything.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: When I did it before I just or I did vapor I bait for a little bit and then I stopped.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: He stopped. Okay. But you're right, though, what you say financially is amazing because what's the pack now seven $8 a pack.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: We spend probably 400 bucks a month.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Between the tours.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, okay. So you that's a great incentive right there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's a great incentive. Okay, so yeah the the benefits are endless. So we'll keep revisiting that okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. And I know alcoholism know what about your diet. Are you eating fruits, vegetables and meat.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: My diets, not the best, but we do try to cook at home. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Vegetables, no I vegetables. I don't eat fruit as much as I should. Okay. I like fruit to it says, sometimes with work, you know, I'll just make a ham sandwich some chips and tomato juice a VA I do drink a VA today so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, you can some antioxidants. Okay, this
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is good. All right, and put a little fruit on NASA sound like you get your start just sounds are you getting a variety of foods.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I'd say so. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. All right. Do we like that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan, you have your household smoke detector. Do you wear a seat belt. Yeah. No. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In terms of your birth gender.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Male
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. The unsafe sexual practices.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I'm married. So I mean, no, we are contraceptive purposes, but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: OK, Mary. Alright, alright. So, and are you working
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I am okay working yes feel safe, where you are.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, great, great, great, great. And you're living situation with wife and have. Is it three kids.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: To to a boy and a girl.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. And I just added to another.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Don't
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Don't do that to me. Don't put that on me.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I couldn't imagine that
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I would be
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Do some to my psyche
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Your daughter was precious. Let's see. Any, any legal history and yeah law.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah, how I got clean is when I went to jail. So, I mean,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What did you go to jail for
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: They pulled me over and I didn't pull over. I kept going.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is it resisting arrest.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Fit fit failure to comply is what it was.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you to comply.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. And how long were you in jail.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: 1515 months.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And what year was that
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: That was 2000 late 2017 or 2017 to beginning of 2019
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Right, it'd be here 2009
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Okay. And do you have a primary care provider.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I actually was at the place that has all them outbreaks of Copa de there's like 2000 outbreak said pick away.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, as well as that, but, um, no, I don't have a primary care provider.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so we do want to to to definitely get one. And you can look on the back of your insurance card.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you can pick one and they can tell you if they accept your insurance and where they're located and give you all the information
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They do you have a dentist.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. You can do the same thing to find a dentist. Okay, so definitely a dentist as needed and a primary care because you want to try to take care of the whole person. All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so the next set of questions is a review of system.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: This there's gonna be a lot of questions and I'm have tried to block it. And you can just tell me yes or no to which ones pertain to you. Okay. Any favor nights with chills cold and tolerance for tea weight changes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No increase thurs a urination any changes in your vision a loss of vision blurry vision.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know any problems which as a double vision.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know any problems, hearing, hearing loss ear drainage ringing in your ear.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know any problems with your nose like nasal congestion bleeding nose problems smelling or any problems with the mouth sore lips mouth sore sore tone.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Any neck pain, neck stiffness lumps in your neck.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know any problems breathing cough coughing up blood shortness of breath.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know any chest pain heart risks and paying difficulty breathing lying down swelling in your legs problems with veins.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Any stomach pain, vomiting, constipation, diarrhea, rectal pain anything going on with your stomach.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know any problems urinating blood and urine.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: urinating too much.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No, but when I was in the penitentiary than
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I did our problems and my PSA level was high, so they gave me something I forget what it was.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Flomax something
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Probably
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Most likely is Flomax. Mm hmm.
And then
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah, just when I got out. I just never followed up.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you have problems PNM
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: IP a lot
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, you know, their primary care doc to get that checked out.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yes, I will.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Buy ya.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Know about that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes KHOU dot the wife, his own it. Okay, you have increase urinary frequency
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah okay because sometimes there's a quick fix to that. Okay, so I'll put this here as a positive review system and our have to remember to follow you up on that one. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, okay, skin problems like change in hair texture skin check sure rash problems which nails hair loss dry skin itching new moles
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No musculoskeletal like pain or back pain tend to points muscle cramps like numbness or weakness in your extremities.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No difficult to walking limping
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. So neurologically any headaches vertigo lightheadedness, feigning numbness in your fingers like filling unstable tingling tremors lack of coordination difficult to speaking. Okay. I know we've talked psych change in mood depression sadness interfere with function anxiety.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No, I mean, you know, everyone has their days I have few days month where you know can get depressed, for sure. And it affects my day, but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They are already consistent kind of come and go, because this is normal for people to have good days and bad days, but it's an interfering with your function and
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No, I mean, I'll get up and I'll go to work. You know, it's still but my attitude at work. It doesn't affect my performance, but there are some days when some things
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: At home, get to me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And if it's persistent feel like
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: There's no hope, you know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, okay. And we'll see if that will keep checking to see if they're if they're persistent does it last longer than two weeks. It does account of
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Calm and go it
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Goes
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: It'd be like one day, you know, one day, two days at the very most.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, we'll keep an eye on that we keep things like that check to ok ok ok sleep problems. Hope feeling hopeless or worthless or having delusions.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay, any lumps or bumps in the lymphatics and neck easy bruising.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know any other problems.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No are you on any medications.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Any over the counter.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know any allergies.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: I think I do have allergies.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: My any allergies, the medicines.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Oh, no, no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, that's okay. You're right, you're right, because this desk that I threw out that comprehensive question.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No, I don't have any
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. All right. So, mental and functional, are you able to bathe yourself independently dress able to feed self independent going to the toilet transfer independently.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. Okay, Dan. All right. Can you tell me, today's date the food date day of the week and everything.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Believe It is Thursday, May 14 2020
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, every
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: House, you read
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Oh, good, good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Good. Okay. Yeah, you got you got the date right
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so I'm going to ask you a few questions here. This is called the cows. This is a withdrawal will scale. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Now, when you go to your primary care you make that visit bring some vitals. If you go to like a drugstore and you check your blood pressure. Write down your blood pressure in your heart rate and bring it to us if they check your weight or anything like that. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so this is a clinical opiate withdrawal scale. Okay. I can't check your heart rate, but in the past half hour.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have you noticed any tools or flushed or anything like that moistness to your face.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No beads of sweat not accounted for about the temperature
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Are you restless. You don't look like you're restless. You look pretty calm.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Yeah, pretty much.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Katie and I can address your pupil size.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Are you having any pain.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That you attribute to opiate withdrawal.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Know, sometimes I get a ache in mind me like I have it now but and I feel like if I do sit back and think about it. It feels like it does come on more right when I'm about to like those are need to
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Like my schedule is about the dose, again, you know, I don't know if it's more or less but sitting in this chair. Maybe it's because I don't sit in a chair much but
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay. But yeah, I can feel it. You, you usually it's my need I like tells me
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You need paying its
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Mouth severe
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: It's mild right now.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, runny nose, tearing up not accounted for about cold or allergies.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No stomach upset cramps loose stools diarrhea.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, tremors, can you hold your hands up. Let me see him.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now, okay, I don't see any tremors are you seeing any
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, okay, yawning. I haven't seen you. You're not one time.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, um, any increased anxiety or anxiousness
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Know, almost relief.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, good. Okay. Any goosebumps. Can you feel any goose bumps on your skin.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now, okay, so we'll give you a cow score of
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let's put in transcription is cow score of one at
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan. And so that's best pretty much non existence. But like you said you had already dosed yourself. Okay. All right, then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Physical exam. You look well developed from what I'm seeing it looks like you're moving your eyes, left and right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I movement looks tack look like your. Can you follow my thing a little bit just which is. Yeah. So you track and will not notice that when you're talking in general. So watch all of that. Okay. Damn, I probably should do it here. Now let's see if right is that, yeah. Right. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. So there's a lag in a computer, but the eyes are
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Finally, skin. Yeah, your, your eyes are why your skin doesn't look yellow or anything. Oh, you know that formula.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, looks good. All right. And I know we this is much different from face to face. I mean, you know, physical
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, but everything looks fine, and you're oriented to place Karen and appropriate a conversation. Okay, so for the assessment overall use this order nicotine to pay our dependence cigarettes on complicated. I know that we did do the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We did. I'm looking for my piece of paper. We did do the smoking cessation and so that code would be
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let's say four or six and the time
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And the time for the nicotine was I'm gonna put that here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 6:39pm to 6:42pm
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm thinking this everything that we have here and I'm going to put for assessment increase your near frequency. Alright, and I'm putting that as your assessment. So that's a reminder to follow that up to. Okay.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, so a plan, you're clear to begin the bright heart health opioid use disorder program.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: One thing I did want to do though, if I could, is there's a closer pharmacy to me.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, called them before it was my gave them one a different one. And there's one closer
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, go ahead and give me that information.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, let me look it up. It's the Rite Aid pharmacy. It's on.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Central Avenue.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, one second.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, patient is stable.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We will resume him on Suboxone eight over two.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Tabs or films. Want to add and will continue at 24 milligrams a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Tobacco cessation advised. As noted above, patient advice to seek primary care.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: For preventive care issues and to address urinary concerns patient also have to acquire Dennis for dental preventive care. He was also asked to bring vital signs. After seeing his primary care provider.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We would do monthly UDS weekly bands will also do weekly group therapy with medical management and he also need to meet with the individual therapists twice a month.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, I have that whenever you're ready.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm ready.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: All right, it's there Rite Aid three, three to five.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, Central Avenue.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay Toledo, Ohio.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What's that zip circles, they'll ask for that on my computer.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Or 360 643-604-3606. And do you have a phone number.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: For the pharmacy, I can get it. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, and I'll keep doing the dictation Narcan will be sent in with the prescription, he is aware of how to utilize our can alcohol and binzel cessation advice increased risk for death discuss patient verbalized understanding
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, I believe I have it whenever you're ready.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm ready.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: For one, nine.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay 531
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay 1171172 okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, so I will go ahead and send that in now.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Sometimes the insurance company prefers to pay tap to do tap. Sometimes they do strips. I always check the box, whereby
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Whatever is going to be affordable for the patient. That's what they'll end up giving you. Okay. Did you confirm with them because what we have some patients do when they do the taps to break them in half because they don't always feel like they dissolve as quickly as a film does. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay. No, I haven't spoken with the okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. All right, so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, most from my experience. People have always been able to get the taps more easily. But I click the box where you know substitution can be made.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Is there one that you can put a preference or no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I can put in a box that you prefer, which you prefer film.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Films. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And I'll put patient prefer film, and I want you to get with what's going to work best for you. But unfortunately, the assurance compliment company often decides
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, whichever is the the the cheaper route. Oftentimes, or what
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know what they will cover.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But I will put their what your preferences. But if that's not covered. He will do the taps. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, thank you. So what I will do
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Today is Thursday. I'm going to reach back out to you. We don't have a weekend after our group, but I'm we're working on getting one next week. So we will plan to get you into like a 530 group. Okay, I should know hopefully maybe by tomorrow Monday about after our group. Okay, and
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Will it be a email sent or phone call. So I know to look out for it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Usually be either email or phone call.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so what I will do, I'm gonna plan to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Meet you you'll see me next Thursday. What's a good time to see me again next Thursday.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Um, what's the latest that you have
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: My latest is nine o'clock, where the latest appointments like 830
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Can we do seven
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Uh huh 7pm Thursday. Okay, yep, that's open and all the reason I'm doing that is that I want to make certain that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We have view. Seeing you weekly while we set up your group. Okay. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Perfect. Right, so I'll have them so 7pm Thursday, you go through the virtual clinic. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay. Thank you. Miss
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, it's been a pleasure talking to you. Okay. Stay strong.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: Okay, thank you. We'll see you next week.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Thank you, sir.
SAMSUNG-SM-T807V: All right, bye.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Bye bye. And could you also add to the plan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We're working on getting a patient into a weekly group at 530 in interim he will see me next week. Thursday at 7pm.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In the dictation.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, there are also a weekly bam bam monthly UDS monthly or monthly or
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: lapse of a lefties also his labs will be collected for lefties hep C.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Hepatitis B hepatitis.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Urine analysis with micro CBC
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'll add the rest. Let me see. There anything else.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, in a dictation. It is 702 so we started at 605 and we're finishing at seven. Oh, thank you.